# JournalPortfolio
The requirements and goals of the application that I developed was to help students apply for new courses with ease. Applying for new courses can be an annoyance, so creating a program that can make things less stressful and have it work with just a few clicks is the ideal design. The user wants to apply for classes, and they don't want it to be a pain for them.
I thought that I handled the selection very well. I felt like it was easy to design the selection menus and properly pair them with each choice. There were a few problems here and there, but nothing that couldn't be solved in 10 minutes or less.
The credits screen, I felt was important for user needs and helped produce a user-centered UI. When you're signing up for classes, it's important to be able to see the amount of credits. If you only need a certain amount of credits left, maybe you don't want to take a course worth a higher amount. Or maybe you just don't want to take a class for only 2 credits and prefer something higher. 
Debugging was easier and easier every week because I felt like we learned things that were helpful to debugging the particular program prior to actually working on it. I would utilize the suggestions within Visual Studio and took it from there. I would see which lines have problems, and start fixing them one by one. Every time that I ran into a problem that I thought was a little difficult, I would learn something new and utilize it in the future.
The week that I had to innovate was when I realized that I would need to utilize multiple cs files to get the program to work. I think this was the first week of the final project, and it was a little difficult at first. I just did what I thought was right, and I ended up getting it on my first try after realizing that there were multiple needed. I was pretty proud that I was able to figure it out. 
